c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\MapEditor.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\MapEditor.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\MapEditor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\MapEditor.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\obj\x86\Debug\MapEditor.pdb
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\LzmaSharp.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\NMock.StrongNamed.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Audio.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Fonts.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Game.ContentCompressor.exe
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Game.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Geometry.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Graphics.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Graphics.SpecialEffects.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Input.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Math.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Networking.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Support.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Testing.Xna.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.UserInterface.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Windows.Forms.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\SlimDX.DirectInput.dll
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\LzmaSharp.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\NMock.StrongNamed.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Audio.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Fonts.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Game.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Game.ContentCompressor.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Geometry.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Graphics.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Graphics.SpecialEffects.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Input.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Math.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Networking.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Support.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Testing.Xna.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.UserInterface.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Nuclex.Windows.Forms.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\michael\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\SlimDX.DirectInput.xml
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\GameConstructLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\GameConstructLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\GraphicsLibrary.dll
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\GraphicsLibrary.pdb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Content\shaders\ConfigurableShader.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Content\models\dude.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Content\models\head_0.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Content\models\jacket_0.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Content\models\pants_0.xnb
C:\Users\Michael\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MapEditor\MapEditor\MapEditor\bin\x86\Debug\Content\models\upBodyC_0.xnb
